Drop pre-v1.0 Vault database upgrade check (#1675)
openbao/openbao: changelog/1675.txt

```release-note:change

> bultin/logical/database: Dropped obsolete upgrade check in `roleAtPath()` function introduced in `v0.10` of Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database: Drop obsolete upgrade check in `roleAtPath()` function introduced in `v0.10` of Vault.
```

Historically we've used just the `database` scope for this package.
